My name is Alex Dorosh. 
Birthday date 1 jan 1990.
When you leave school you understand that the time to choose your future profession, your future life has become. 
It's not easy to make the right choice of a job. I have known for long time that leaving school is the beginning of my independent life, 
the beginning of a far more serious examination of my abilities and character.

What do I want to be when I leave school? It's very important question for me. 
A few years ago it was difficult for me to give a definite answer. As the years passed I changed my mind a lot of times about what science or field of industry to specialize in. 
It's difficult to make up my mind and choose one of the hundreds jobs to which I might be better suited. 
A coupe of years ago I wanted to become a doctor, you know I wanted to help people who had problems with health. 
Then I wanted to become a policeman, then a spaceman, I even wanted to become a professional football player. 
But all of them now are in the past; they were like children's dreams and nothing more. Now I have already decided what to do. I'd like to be an aviator. 
I know that it's very difficult. I should know perfectly everything about the planes, airports, weather and other things. You know that the weather is very important thing for the flights too. 
I must be well educated and well informed. So that's why at first I am going to go to the Aviation University in Moscow, then when I finish studding I'll go to my country to try to get a job in the air companies. 
You know may be something will be not OK, because I don't know what will happen tomorrow, but I know that I'll do everything to realize my plane and my dreams.

I also want to say that the profession should be chosen according to the character and hobbies of the person. That's why parents mustn't make their children choose the thing they like (parents like). 
Children must do it themselves. Because they must love the thing they do, believe that people need them and their job will bring them more pleasure.